This place is haunted, Abe whispered

I looked at him irritated and confused. I thought about what that sentence could mean for my business... for my life! After a long pause, I said to him, “That’s ridiculous! Don’t go around spreading such rumours. Business is bad enough!”

Abe looked at me and instantly knew that I needed to be left alone. I came to this town with the hopes of starting a new life with a new home, new business, new furniture, new everything. I had changed almost every part of my life, so much so that even if I knew someone from this town, they wouldn’t recognise me. Perhaps I felt my life would change for the better if I started anew. So, I came here, bought a house in the heart of town and just a few blocks away, I bought a store.

Once I was fully settled in my new skin, so to speak, all that remained was an idea for a store and someone to help manage the day-to-day goings-on of the business. At first, I thought of opening a small diner since this was a small town, but I decided to open a toy store named Petits Jouets after some thorough research.

An orphanage once stood in the place of my store some years ago, I learned. Tragically, it had burned down in a horrible accident and everyone in it perished. So, I felt like a toy store would honour their memory while also giving me something to do.

My old life might have been terrible, but I made enough friends and connections to help me get my new store up and running. My old acquaintances put me in touch with some really wonderful toy makers and helped me arrange for a supply of the latest toys. However, there was a slight hiccup. There already was a toy store in my new town, although it sold only old-fashioned toys. It was owned by an old woman whom everyone called Mrs Greenwich. While she looked as old as mother Earth herself, some claimed that she lost her mind ages ago, during World War II. To me, she seemed sane enough, so I didn’t bother much about the rumours. However, I did everything I could to stay out of her way as her sharp and cunning stare from her sunken bony face always made my skin crawl.

As soon as business started to pick up at Petits Jouets, I hired Abe, my new neighbour's son. Abe was a kindly young fellow who needed a job to fund his college education and I was more than happy to oblige as I found him to be quite trustworthy.

Right about now, I would have loved to say that things got brighter and I lived happily ever after, but the truth is that things took a weird and horrible turn just three months after I opened my store. I had always gotten an eerie feeling while inside the store, but I brushed it away and chalked it all up to an overactive imagination. But there were some things that I just could not ignore.

Whenever I opened the store in the morning, I always found some toys lying on the floor in a complete mess. At first, I thought Abe was being sloppy at his job so, I stayed back with him, made sure he kept everything in order before closing shop at night, and only then locked the store. But somehow, the next morning, the place was a mess again. I didn’t know what was going on and was at my wits' end. I thought about asking my friends what to do, but I didn’t want to look stupid in case they didn’t believe me.

Another odd thing was that Abe’s little sister, who couldn't have been older than 5, would stand outside the store and stare at the stairway right next to the counter as if she was in some kind of trance. This really bothered my customers. Some would walk off without even glancing at the toys that I had worked so hard to procure and line up in a fun display.

“What do you keep staring at, Gemma?” I asked the little girl one day.

She looked at me with a cold dead stare and turned her gaze back to the stairway. I liked that little girl, but she was downright creepy!

I continued to lose customers as no one wanted to even open the door because they felt that there was something wrong with my store. If things did not get better, I would have to shut shop for good and return to my old town like a loser. The very thought of going back home a failure gave me panic attacks. Why did I leave?

There was no way I was returning home with my tail between my legs. I was not going to let that happen! I decided to take up revival steps on a war footing and did everything I could to stay in business. I even installed a mechanical pony at the front of the shop to attract the children. But nothing I did worked. I felt like a run-down amusement park that no one found amusing anymore.

Somehow, six months passed by and my business was as dry as the Sahara. I was losing hope fast and losing money even faster. I was defeated... but not crushed.

As I was leaving for the store one day, I met the scraggly looking Mrs Greenwich.

“They say the souls of those poor children still wander there, she said to me.
Where?
The orphanage, dearie.

That's when I understood why people said she was crazy.

“There are no such things as ghosts Mrs Greenwich,” I replied.
“I’ve seen and heard a lot of things over my long life, dearie; things you can’t even imagine.”
“Are you suggesting that you can see these ‘beings’?”
“Oh, they call out to me in my sleep! They call out to me for help! 'Save us, save us!' I hear them cry!” she said, her face growing more ghastly with every word that left her trembling lips.

At that point in time, I could think of only two explanations: either she had completely lost her marbles or I was losing mine.